Wi-Fi signal was very weak Clean and tidy, a place to be pleased.
Small kitchen with all devices.
Wifi inadequate Large and clean room.
The house is quite apart from Arles, and we chose it for this reason, so we do not have parking problems.
Nothing at all, the difficulties we encountered The treatment of the surrogate is very pleasant.
The facilities are very old and the soil is dirty. There is very little room in the room, it's not possible to read it and I asked for a light, they did not bring me and they did not give me any explanation. I liked the location. They have free internet. The pool is small but nice.
It has a train station 5 minutes away and it arrives immediately but it is very far away.
The price may be too expensive, the French bathroom price is that if the hotel is old, it also has another charm.
our room was very small. The bath was old and very small, for example when the shower washed the toilet. the hotel's perfect location. In the vicinity of the parking lot, even if it was too late, the schedule is up to about six, which is why we did not have any problems.
In these conditions it is expensive The best location is from the old quarter and very close to the beach.
The hotel, although it is in an outer area, is well-located: it has a large and well-equipped pool; The food in the restaurant is good and diverse; It has a park, although we were full when we went; is well-trained for children; it has a good location; ...
In the bar we ate dinner and it was incredibly good; but we were waiting for a long time.
The hostel is in a good place (outside of the grief, away from the lodgings that are made by the hostels), but also the pleasant people, the little rooms, everything clean ... it's really cool!
Although it is a single room, it has been very good for three people.
It's close to the old quarter, but you must walk.
It is very expensive, but it's like that in Corsica. hotel pool and jacuzzi. very comfortable and great room
The pistol is not great, but it's great for the park's fatigue.
Near the beach (gravel).
It's a great place for lounging, the worst is that there is no elevator and you need to reach the room through the stairs.
There were no options but it was basic.
Okay but be careful if you have a high car, it's narrow streets.
There was enough breakfast in the breakfast room, as a small hotel, I could not ask for more.
Otherwise, the house is simple, but it is appropriate.
Town, small and quiet, but at the same time cheerful and careful.
It is a small Hotal located next to the Plaza Mayor.
Maybe the rooms, and especially the bathroom, small, but well arranged. Perfect location on the beach. Very friendly staff, always ready to solve any problem.
It's good for the price, we made only one cheat. The beds are fine and clean, but the toilet is also a hole, the smell.
Some shared rooms are very large, but others are very small and have too many beds.
It has everything that is needed in a very small space.
We had a little humidity, otherwise it is very well.
We stayed in the bedroom with a toilet and both were very large, the floor was a bumpy, but overall good.
The house is very nice, it has everything clean and everything (it only throws it in the cafe) and a terrific terrace!
Ubika is very good, because Olhao is a very nice town, but it should be noted that there are no beaches available, and the options offered for the summer are limited.
The house is very quiet, it is not even listening to the noise of the birds, yes, the dog smells like a smell (perhaps more summer).
Pool and hammam are very small but very friendly.
They say that there is wifi in the rooms, but this is not the case.
Although we could not get acquainted with Leonard, his bosses were very good and they always tried to make us feel like home.
The place is very good because it is located in the center and the weight is small.
The toilet is small, but enough for both people.
Although it does not have a swimming pool, it has a very convenient location to go to Port Aventura, and you can take A7 immediately.
The main hassle but the difficulties in understanding each other.
It can be said that it is quite minimalist in decorative style, that is, it is only necessary; but for those who travel with small children it's the best.
We only spent one night and we were very good at it: the parking lot, the little pool but we were just ...
Very close, housekeeper, mistress, always pending to feel comfortable, but not ready to help outline trips or trips, we had a problem with a trip to Sao Luis, and she also resolved to fix it and fix it.
The windows are not open at all and there is no room outside. The room is nice as well as being in the center.
The apartment is small but very crowded and well-arranged, enough for a couple and a lot more.
We travel with a small child, and we are very close, but since we have been alone in the evening, we have adapted well.
Since the apartment is on a third floor, you do not have the right place to go up and down some narrow stairs. For the weight is comfortable, it is in the heart of the city, and David is a good governor, friendly and friendly.
Maybe the bed is too hard but it's worth the spot.
Wi-Fi did not work well from the room, everything else was beautiful!
The pool area is small but pleasurable (it seemed to be something else in the pictures, it seemed like no meadow).
He has a full set of trips and although there were no TVs, we were with two children, full of books, tempting (hidden websites), and we found two great games and books for everyone.
If it's a weekend, it can be heard tonight, but it does not stop sleeping.
This small apartment is located at the top of the town, but from the center.
The old dining room and the pleasant one and the breakfast is quite well, not a buffet.
It's true that maybe a bit distant, but you can stay in the center of Paris in 15 minutes by using the bus and subway. To extend it, this is a really recommended room, house and personality.
Even though it is located in the city, it is far from the center.
Small kitchen very well equipped with dishwasher.
He says he is far from Dubrovnik, but you are very welcome in this place.
Breakfast well but nothing in the rest of the world.
The only thing to mention is lacking. it's nice to have fun
The pool is small enough to take a boil.
It is next to the secondary road and the traffic is overnight, the hotel's insolation is not very good. Cleanliness, personal welcome and good dinner.
It's a chain hotel and it's really good to sleep and take a shower.
The beachside next to the Eurhostal hotel, playa de las Fuentes, is not very comfortable.
It is not ideal for people with mobility problems, if there is a lift, but the staircase stays between the stairs, so it is always necessary to climb or drop some stairs.
Even if it is not Logroño, there is a 10-minute bill for buses and cars.
They do not give breakfast, but there are places where you can enjoy breakfast.
Small, nice, cheerful and friendly, but good enough for four.
He asked for a lot of us, but today it is not necessary, because there is room for parking just next to the house.
There were not many things in the breakfast room but everything was good quality.
It is possible to leave the car in front of the house, although the way to climb it is very narrow and a steep slope.
