On the other hand, we have noticed that the kitchen was cooked to a minimum.
The bed was a sofa bed, not too comfortable to sleep ... There was no air conditioning and we passed a hot heat ...
Traffic noise all night.
Small room, rather bed.
In the air on the 2nd floor, we called Siberia weight, but wifia very weak.
In an old house is a small apartment on the 3rd floor.
Eat little options and exquisite quality.
The toilet was out of the room
The room has little space, but you can adjust if you do not want to spend much time in the room.
The rooms are pretty dirty.
The dining room is very small and there is room for problems.
The subject of parking is not clear at birth.
It was commonly stingy.
Common small and narrow.
It is very functional and we only used to sleep.
I had problems with running the card with the card.
The care of the workers at reception was not the best.
No elevator to reach the door from the doorway.
They have high quality air conditioning throughout the hotel, it makes cold crystals.
Stairs to climb the apartments, the truth is not the easiest.
At first it was hard to find, it was night, it was raining, and there was no card at the time Broncova 18 came.
Entry time should be advanced.
The car is a must to take a 800 meter track to reach it.
The road is very narrow, it is not easy if you find another car.
The window of the room had grooves and there was a lot of noise on the road.
It was apart from the city.
We did not have the opportunity to enjoy Spaz.
Not knowing the city is not the right location.
To reach the center of Luzern or to the Old Town, we had to take the bus (and pay a day ticket - 6.10 franc / pers) in the periphery of the city; 15 minutes from the train station.
Ormak looked like paper, everything was heard.
Forensic handling of some workers.
the sofa bed is quite inconvenient.
The worst part of the bedroom was the bad smell.
Parking in the vicinity.
Maybe cakes should be new and not packets ...
The first day wifia was not there.
The tried-and-tested staff did not find any solution.
There's not much time to spend.
Few options
There are not many things around, almost anything.
€ 70 / room rate should be higher quality.
Fill out the required document in Basque
Wiffia inadequate.
It's worth it to pay € 8.50.
We had to light the sauna.
Air conditioning is required.
Wifi does not work, they only have access and there are only two people. It does not work.
Things are missing, things are broken and in 3 days they do not clear the room.
I will not repeat.
At the bottom of the restaurant they were adapting to the front, which parted the area.
There is a complaint that the regulation of the water level is difficult in the shower.
We had problems with Wifi.
She is very old, now 30 years old, held and treated
Not surprisingly, the great passengers are like this, it seems amazing to not make any special offers.
The town itself is not near by; We did not do it for at least 15-20 minutes.
As it does not have shutters or curtains, it is impossible to keep the house fresh in the summer.
From the bad weather we approached at 15:00 a.m. to take the room and it was closed.
It is a bit distant from the center, 30 minutes by public transport.
In the rooms that give way to the traffic noise is heard in the morning.
The TV was not very well, it was blocked and the curtain was broken.
There was no need for a washing machine and it was necessary for a long stay.
The spa area is relatively small.
No elevator
Small spaces, strange distributions and the lack of a real kitchen make the stay uncomfortable.
We went to the store in February and we can not use an outdoor pool with its freshness.
Breakfast justito
In the balcony there are cigarstones, they should put on the ashtray.
People do not help too much, I do not know English or otherwise but ...
Breakfast is not included and it has a crack on the floor.
In fact, he only knows French.
For this reason I will not return to this hotel.
The fourth star is not worth it, because it has a three-star hotel with a normal bedroom.
In the end, he left his tablet, but we did not feel very well, because the use of another device is always respectful.
The hotel's colleagues' relationship with us did not say anything, do not greet anything
To say something, breakfast is too expensive, but breakfast is the best option!
Little hammocks in the pool.
Leave comments in Basque.
Credit card can not be paid
Stay away from town center.
As a pedestrian zone, it can not be parked there, if there is a charge / unloading option and it is parked for a minute.
The bedroom looked like an inner patio and it was very dark.
In order to name something and help them, breakfasts have been very basic.
The room was small.
The toilet and the room are connected, so there is little privacy in the toilet.
It may not be too narrow in the middle of the city.
They had not been air-conditioned in the first room.
Having a small refrigerator in the room would be fine.
Little cookware, two teaspoons, two forks ...
It gives them that they do not like foreigners, to work in a very good or cool way.
Sometimes the lights jumped.
A difficult introduction to the carriage.
The first night the air conditioner made noise at intervals.
It's time to go.
There is only one common, and it has two doors, one of which has a room.
Our room was also too small for the people, so it was quite inconvenient, and the cleaning was just; For example, changing the towel more often would not be bad.
There is no cabinet in the rooms or individual lockers.
And the Wi-Fi connection was often dumped.
That's the wrong way: we should go across the middle or south of the chaotic Marseilles, but we're looking for peace and looking for a safe place to leave the car.
The air was not on the floor.
The window blind was broken.
The hotel is old-fashioned, with a bite on the floor, a small room and a very large bed ...
Shower sieve.
If Lao Caira arrives by train and will arrive directly at the hotel, he will be hanging at 12:00 noon.
It's in a big street and it's a little noisy.
He must always be with artificial light, in front of the window, for a meter or, because there was another room and everything was seen.
Not a four star hotel.
Low and medium quality breakfasts.
