Convenient, well-equipped and equipped duplexa.
The owner was very handsome, he explained everything and gave us a map of the city and what we could visit and dine.
The shelter is nice and very clean.
The place is cozy, the rooms are normal, with the toilet.
The town is very quiet and you can move from here: Florentine 1h 15 ', Romara 2h, Pisara 1h 5', Sienara 20 '.
Fully recommended, and cheap for the treatment and service offered.
It is reached by car in 5 minutes.
A rotating hotel.
In the streets there is no problem about parking the car.
The house is horrible, works have been done recently, with a good taste of crystals.
Also enjoy with their children: Itziar, Aimar and Iratire, quick and friendly.
The house, its surroundings and its beautiful views, are very beautiful and well-tended, with a peaceful atmosphere.
The staff that had the reception provided us with the information they wanted.
Breakfast well
We have been enjoying a quiet and suitable place.
It also deserves dinner.
The apartment is well equipped, especially the kitchen.
DENA!
Hendaye from Irun and San Sebastián, one hour from Pamplona or Bilbao.
Alexis, the local leader, knows Basque and the whole family is very friendly.
Streets full of markets and restaurants.
The hotel is very convenient, as you can walk to wherever you want to go.
It is totally recommended ... a very nice family and a tidy house ... a great opportunity to spend a whole night.
We stayed at home.
Tidy and nice
Ideal place to get away from those.
Well located in the center of Bayonne.
Finally, be aware that they are Basques.
It is very well located in good places and very friendly and also Basque.
Everything very good! The house is very nice and tidy and Oier is very nice.
It is near the train station.
I highly recommend Pagorri, and I hope soon to be able to find out about the new houses that I have made: Uxarte, Txopebenta, Bisalde ... I will inform you as soon as I come.
You also have discounts for your stay at the hotel.
The beds are very comfortable and delicious.
Beautiful breakfast and very friendly village.
The best days spent in the town were very good, the house is very well located in the beautiful town of Jaurrieta, near Ochagavía, Ezcaroto and Iratia.
Hello Arantxa! I would not forget that we had a great time in 3 days, although there were not many weather conditions that helped us to get to know the surroundings, of course, following the recommendations of Arantxa.
The location is good, 5 minutes from Potsdamer Platz, both bus stops in front of the hotel.
Excellent pool
It is located 5-10 minutes from Logroño and the bus is in front of the house (there is night service).
Great for a couple and bigger than it looks.
The rooms were comfortable and well-stocked and breakfast was plentiful.
The house is very careful and we would like to emphasize its cleanliness.
We have really forgotten about the days we have spent, and we can not overlook the delicious and cheerful treatment we have.
With the help of cider, we have been looking forward to making a journey with Perico and a great opportunity to rediscover it. However, we will go back to Aralar, so far!
Flawless treatment and spectacular surroundings.
Good luck and goodbye.
They feel and take care of us at home, and breakfast is also very good !!
The weight is next to several supermarkets, as well as the metro and bus station.
If your goal is to build, your lord will give you valuable advice.
Hospitable workers
Everything is excellent and something, a world classy, ​​beautiful bathroom in this vast ocean, cleanliness, Maite and Juan Marí's attitude, closeness, attention ... we have had a great chance to be comfortable with them, thank you couples.
Quiet environment
It is, above all, a close dinner and local service
We liked the apartment, it is very comfortable and modern.
We wanted to find what we wanted.
Sweet potatoes are praised, with homemade bread and jams.
Lovely place, lovely people We've been very happy to have a lovely place and a very nice woman at home.
They have lovely bedrooms, a wonderful bed and a common kitchen.
It was not Saturday afternoon.
Breakfast correct
A quiet place, beautiful spot, silence, spectacular landscapes, a tidy, well-dressed, cozy, friendly and friendly home, a clean and careful environment ... if you're going on a good company, it's a great place to spend some wonderful days.
The place to recommend to anyone, thanks to the earthquake, will be back soon. (very good tomatoes)
Good breakfast, a little bit of everything.
We repeat it.
Home owners are very friendly, always ready to help you.
Walking in the monuments.
Convenient, modern and with everything you need.
Car park with private parking
From Pamplona and its owners and caring and friendly.
Hotel very clean and discouraged.
The reception staff gives you the information to bring it.
It's like amparo, always ready to help us.
Thank you Alicia, Luismi, Noe and Adari
We've spent six nights at ease and recommend it.
We had a beautiful atmosphere in the table and fireplace surroundings, throwing a lot of fury, making new friends, listening to music, ...
The house is like the one in the pictures, it is very comfortable and fun and it is equipped with all the necessary things, but one of the best things was Juana and her husband, Arturo's parents, what we were so fond of.
It has been a nice experience, and be sure we'll come back someday.
3 weeks ago we had been spending a night, and we were reluctant to come back.
As regards the house, it is very pleasant, very comfortable, clean, and fully-dressed.
Managed by a family.
Her mistress, Clara, was very friendly and gave us lots of information.
The rooms are renovated, they are comfortable and clean.
Decorated with care and great taste. Dinners are exquisite, the flesh is remarkable, tender and very well cooked, excellent!
The rooms are beautifully decorated and all the bathrooms have a shower.
Thank you very much and we will be back.
We really did not regret it.
It is worthy of the Passion of the Sword, and there a few days later.
Clean, tidy ... it is very nice for the house and very polite owners.
Large rooms and bathrooms.
It's hot, cold, sweet, salty ... everything.
The place is worth it.
Coffee for free.
Car without parking problems.
Toilet well, towels, room and so on.
Basque owner and friendly service.
When awaiting us back, we will be back to the bizkaia-arabian couple.
Breakfast is pretty good.
If we return to Amsterdam, we have no doubt that we would try again to stay there.
Medium price
New and clean.
Actually, we were quite well at the hotel: it's clean, they have a great breakfast and it's close to the metro.
Elegant and relaxed place.
They gave us all the easiness: print a document, use the pool at 12:00 p.m.
We spent wonderful days in Barcelona and this apartment has a lot to do with it: it is very well located, it has a great lightness and it is quiet.
Good room
If we go back to Barcelona, ​​we will come back to this apartment, without a doubt.
Wifia went well in general.
Undoubtedly it can be returned.
Its location is the best, in the center, a great offer for eating, there is also a bus station, departures and world-class activities.
The house is nice and very clean.
On the other hand, it has an elevator, and unlike other homes, the TV is running.
The house is very well, spacious and comfortable.
The location is also 5 minutes away from the BEC, perfectly!
It also has the charm of the house.
Owners also say hello
It is a pretty farmhouse.
The street is very quiet and near the center (website hidden) you are at the Haarlemmer Square, right from the center you will immediately reach the street with good atmosphere and shopping.
In a quiet part of the town.
And saying that the treatment of the servers was entertaining and very familiar.
The description of the ad indicates how well the house is.
In this beautiful place in the Basque Country, looking at the sea, silence and tranquility remain with you.
Very nice house, full of lightness and lightness.
You have access to all the services around.
The environment (forests, Aralar, caves, adventure center, ...) is a great opportunity to move to another time (sheep on the street, cows, ...) and the distribution of the house is perfect for us.
It's near the village.
The apartment is clean, clean, and there were all things to spend on good luck.
It is in a quiet neighborhood, next to the road.
The place is quiet and well communicated.
We'll be there again.
If you are a favorite in the Basque Country, like Ultzama, and even if it is difficult to believe, we have found a place near Ultzama close to the industrial city of Bilbao.
Large rooms, bathrooms too.
Alternatively, there are three options for taking the subway near.
In fact, it is a luxury to be able to enjoy and live a bit of people from our culture.
Well positioned
Own home owners too.
Numerous and adequate services.
If you're going to spend a weekend in this area it's a worthwhile hotel
Treated Anna was very sympathetic and helpful, but the flight was suspended due to the strike of Lufthansa ...
Nice place with good dining.
There is also a parking lot at the doorstep, which is the luxury of Bragança !!!
At the hotel you can find a guided tour of Angkor.
They talked to us in Basque
It is in a good place, near the train station.
There is nothing missing at home.
The room is unique, clean, tidy, large; The workers are close and pleasant; This is one of breakfasts and, in our opinion, the most beautiful are Bilbao's views; It is a good location and it is close to the tram, which makes it easy to get to the center of Bilbao, or if you want a good walkway.
The hostel is new.
Toilet and large bedrooms.
The location of the hotel is great because the owners make great efforts to make them feel like home.
Very clean and tidy.
Rooms and lounges full and spacious.
But this is not a hindrance because public transport is very good and cheap in Berlin.
It was near the train station and also from the metro station.
Pleasant and delicious welcome.
We felt like home.
Very light and sunny.
They offer plenty of opportunities to walk the flat and go to the mountain, including Toloño.
Close to the center, an excellent wifi connection and a comfortable hotel.
Comfortable rooms with terraces.
Owner ready for whatever you want.
Metro station is 25 meters away.
Good after-dinner, it has a large parking lot, and if you want to have breakfast, it's very interesting for me to go to the mountain early in the morning.
It is also close to Braga.
Our private toilet was very clean and the towel was changed every day.
He had everything he needed.
In this house you will find everything you need.
Three kilometers from the city of Turin, the tram station is next to the hotel.
Bakartxo will give you a clean house and will do everything you can to make your stay a pleasant one at home.
The hotel is tidy, quite new.
The perfect place, in a cozy and nice room, when you arrive at the ferry, is particularly suitable.
Thanks so much, Alieka!
And that was how it was, pleasant, lonely places, full of little beaches, where, fortunately, there was almost no one.
Everything is available, including shops, bars, restaurants and subway.
Everything ok
Thank you for the work done by Mr. Josejo and Mr Begoña, and with such taste.
The 103 buses are there and there is a pile
Approach 15 minutes walking distance.
Be sure that everything will spread.
The toilet is also beautiful with whirlpool.
The owners live in the neighboring house, and they are ready to help you and give you good recommendations.
Excellent house, very nice, renovated with taste.
They express full confidence and we are at the pleasure.
Good to eat
We're backing up.
It's quite pretty from everywhere.
The place to be very pleased, relaxed, the ideal place for girls, a great place to re-invent.
The room and the bathroom are beautiful, good bed and breakfast are good.
We all have been ready to return.
Ideal place to spend a night
I thought about what I thought, I had more than one recommended route, and I had the opportunity to enjoy the wonderful places I did not expect, great advice!
It also has its beginnings in the village, which allows it to be purchased at its local store and trade fair.
With good room and beautiful bathroom.
Breakfast is a kind of self-service, quite good (fruit, meatballs, different cheeses, eggs, juices, yogurt, cereals, different bread ...)
There are other restaurants around you.
We spent a week in La Vinyas (small house) and, to be honest, it is perfectly right to do anything: the pool is really beautiful (and it's always clean); it is a very convenient place to get to know the area; It is also possible to go to Barcelona or Geronara on the train or in the car; etc.
The main attitudes of the home are also worthy of mention, because they are very good.
Antonio has been very welcoming and friendly to us.
The bed was very comfortable, a large bathroom room and a good showcase.
Everything seems nice, clean, broad, and infuriated by the good company to the customers, as always, as genuine relationships.
The local girl, Juliete looks after the detail and is very handsome, always ready to answer any question.
Let's go to the family to spend the weekend, and we'll come back thinking again.
It should be taken into account, in particular, that Vondelpark is very close to home.
There is a supermarket next to the hotel and it's fine for shopping.
If you want to spend a week in a quiet hotel, it will cost you better to find a place.
In fact, I would say that it is very recommendable and unique. This is a casual and informal atmosphere. If you go to Bakarka, the couple or the family, it is very convenient. You can also go to nearby beaches.
Bakartxo is a highly recommended person who fulfills the commitments he has made.
Very clean and comfortable, we'll be back every year, we're going to spend a weekend in Iruñera and we have a very beautiful place!
Apartment well equipped, from everywhere.
Well located near the old town
Large and very spacious rooms and bathrooms.
The house is quite safe and popular.
It also has a pistol, we could not use it because of the weather, but it looks really good!
Large and comfortable room.
Also, a girl from the hotel watched us in the swimming pool and we prepared two hammocks with towels and towels.
We are pleased to have fun with plastic arts and a fun gallery.
We liked everything * Clean, well-decorated, well-furnished apartments, near the center, near the center and the bar. * No sleeping sound. * Well-decorated kitchen * Quiet parking space 5-10 minutes away from the free public car park * 5-minute beach
Staff very friendly and always ready to help.
Joining us was a pleasure for us, thank you, family,
It has a free parking lot.
Thank you for informing about the surrounding places and for recommending this short-film marathon, although we could not finish it.
Finally, Jaume and Alicia are always ready to help you.
They treated us as homemade.
Also, my bedroom has a terrace. The bus and train stations are pretty close.
Areta home installations are very good, but above all, Txarok gave us a warm and friendly treatment.
We spent an amazing weekend at the Jennifer's farm, very close to the beach, to be the perfect place to spend somon.
You can rent the hotel at Txirrinda at € 12 a day.
We have nothing negative to say.
Very good treatment, family-run and close-by. Managed by a family.
A really nice residence, which makes you feel at home.
What to say about the home-grown men ... has been a great reception, close care, careful attention to detail and in Basque, which I am very grateful in my case.
We went with the intention of going well but it was better than we thought.
Nice to see people.
The house itself offers incredible possibilities: it is large, has three bedrooms, bunk beds and a large terrace with different spaces.
Dana has been clean and you do not miss out on anything.
This house is ideally located next to the Bay of Txingudi, starting point for excursions in the South of Lapurdi and the North of Gipuzkoa.
Heavy weight and everything we needed.
Finding those pangs
What else can we ask for?
It looks beautiful, great and you can dine while watching the stars.
The room was quite clean.
It has four bedrooms each with its own bathroom.
5 minutes from Colosseum.
The subway is close and you can go anywhere.
Hotel location.
It is in a wonderful place and the apartment is well maintained.
Thanks a lot and we will see one another !!!!
It is cheap and well communicated (it is facing the tram number 50).
We have followed the advice we have given and it has been very successful. And it also helped us to see the caves of Mendukilo.
We also enjoyed breakfast.
House, very nice, new and charming.
Staff very helpful, ready to help and professionals.
This proximity is important if you have a flight the next day.
Congratulations to both of you, the treasure (house) of you so beautiful.
Beautiful flat in the heart of Avignon.
The house looks like the photos are very convenient and easy to spend in Athens a few days.
We will never forget!
Clean, nice
The breakfast area is nice and you can start the day with the newspaper read-ing.
In the ad that appears on the website, garage is offered at the price of the home.
You can also visit cities like Oporto and Viana do Castelo.
I did not really miss it.
A quiet and comfortable room.
The room is huge and spacious.
Pretty little kisses
The simplicity of the bathroom, the ZEN style; Ideal for relaxation and reflection.
We have never been in such a nice rural tourism house.
Thanks so much and up Euzkadi.
The lower part of the bar, lounge and restaurant are open and spacious.
Thank you and to come.
They offer a bicycle rental service for € 10/24 hours.
We had a great reception, we were very welcomed and grateful.
Ready for anything.
It is near the airport and takes you anywhere, within the room price.
The apartment is very well located near the coast; and the surrounding villages are very nice.
It is ideally located: in the middle, but in a quiet street.
The best man in the hotel: very handsome, willing to help.
The place is ok: clean and tidy.
Next to the kitchen, no problem for cooking for small children.
We liked it.
It is located in the neighborhood and you are about 5-6 minutes from the metro station.
Baptist offers more than is advertised on the web.
I'm going to come back soon.
We have really enjoyed the wonderful weekend, the hostel is very friendly and not as good as the locals, we felt like home.
Very good treatment, family and close treatment.
Animals are fairy and we play a lot with them.
The house is very comfortable, all the rooms have a bathroom and a jacuzzi.
Quickly answer our questions and always get ready.
The village is very close to walking and is well-known for discovering the Algarve.
Thanks to Milla this morning for all the things we have learned and learned.
We felt like home, they clarified our doubts and the conversations that they had with them were inaccessible.
We had a relationship with our friend Carolin Kadiatou and he was very comfortable with them.
There are many places to stay in and there is no danger to the roads, and the views of Baztan are terrifying.
Regarding the location, it should be mentioned that it is a privileged place to get to know the whole center of the Bordeaux area, which is a great advantage.
It is a beautiful and relaxed environment.
Besides, you can prove the wine made in the house, we liked it a lot.
Well located
We were looking for a safe and peaceful place to discover Marseille and the surrounding area and found this place that was in line with our intentions.
They know the surroundings very well, and the instructions given by them are correct and appropriate.
You can also walk to the city.
Carlos was very helpful and kind to us.
We decided to repeat a few years ago while we were in the same place.
On the other hand, it has a good location to go to different countries.
The bedroom that they gave us had a terrace and from there the castle and streams of Marvao were seen.
Thank you Ana
The location of the hotel allows you to visit some of the most interesting villages in the area, making day trips and going to sleep.
Location, close to Rambla del Raval and walking distance, from the most popular place in Barcelona.
Thanks to Aitziber and his mother.
Good quality / price ratio
The hotel is very delicious, nice and very clean.
We offered everything we needed.
Otherwise, we have found the house as advertised: well-suited.
The apartment is very nice and there is nothing missing, it has everything.
Thank you for everything and the next one.
The right hotel to participate in a congress held in Bobigny.
You can walk to the center.
Access to the city.
The house is very spacious and nice.
Many things are learned with him ...
For breakfast, the price is correct.
A wonderful place to stay with children or otherwise.
Good customer service and especially Juan Juan Canto, a pleasant and very professional gentleman.
Excellent hotel, very nice and well located next to the beach.
It gives 413 rooms to the garden.
The service is also good.
The building and the owner, Carmen, are terrifying.
But there were nearby, convenient and appropriate places.
The perfect location; Get in touch with the good communication center and anywhere.
We spent most of the time in the corner next to the house, because the kitchen was very well equipped and there is a place to relax.
The hotel has a kitchen but we did not use it.
This is a chance to enjoy Girona.
Workers, at least executions, and most commonly.
The house is bright and large, as is the place to enjoy.
Up to the next !!!
He has a sympathetic Italian owner and he was a large room that he gave us.
You can walk to most of the sites.
Perfect for continuing the Romanesque routes and for mountain climbing.
This is a true rural tourism, and it is well-eaten, better chat, and excellent courtesy.
Hendaye's house is beautiful, ideal for any season.
Dana well, not bad.
The hotel has quiet areas, inside the bar, outside terrace.
We have been very happy and Eugenia is very welcoming, welcoming.
Complaining the complaint, they repaired.
Clean and comfortable. Fast and friendly staff. highly recommended,
The beach is in front of you.
Our stay was wonderful, because the hotel is very good: new, comfortable, clean and necessary.
Great location: in a beautiful natural area, very quiet, surrounded by a park.
Cheap room for two or three people.
A house that can be considered when choosing a lodging for those who want to know the plateau of Alava or the surrounding mountains.
The main reason, friendly and close.
Sonia (the mistress of the house) explained to us very well how we were going to see all the tourists we needed together with Portofino June, and it was a good idea to say the truth in the whole world.
I recommend it
Thank you very much.
When we think that we are, we have everything we need to sleep (large room, comfortable bed), it is located in the right place and the staff are very friendly.
One thing to emphasize: the whole farm (that is, the two houses and the pool) are surrounded by trees and, despite its warmth, it is perfectly situated.
Walking in the right place.
Nice place to see how it works and how to make cheese. They are Basque
Wonderful place, nice house, very comfortable bed.
On a autumn weekend, despite the bad weather, we were very pleased. It is a beautiful place to take a walk and a breath of fresh air, and find the perfect sensation of getting warmed up in the back with the fire of the house.
We've been having a great time and it's interesting that, besides having a nice and nice touch, it's worth it to be very good and honest people.
We thought it was a special weekend in this wonderful hotel in Bilbao, and the hotel itself gave its assurance.
Nice décor and a very comfortable bed.
Every hotel staff was always ready to help us.
It has everything that is necessary without causing sinfulness.
Clean hotel, well located, good Wi-Fi connection and good quality-price ratio.
But it has shutters! ; -) Apartment new.
Good location
To praise the receptionist's attitude.
The room is very well decorated and tidy, a very good breakfast and always good company.
Free parking.
Our stay at the Oscars was a very good and good experience.
Near the subway station.
We had a bad weather, but we had a great weekend at the fireplace.
Lurdes has given us all the clarifications we have had on the Artizarra and Hondarribia.
The hostess at your service at any time.
There are two other stations close to the hotel.
The dining room is also incredibly well decorated and the choice of breakfast with a lot of crystals.
It was at least a quality one.
A different location to explore new places.
Deceaseds
Each room has its own toilet, this is a great place !!
Well-fitted bedroom
Breakfast, a sweet atmosphere, really good and comfortable.
It must be mentioned about Aliefka, a person who transmits confidence in the beginning, close, very hands wide, really sincere and joyful, and it is a joy to know from this way.
The environment is also very nice and has many possibilities for daily trips.
Received treatment, as if we were at home and a great experience.
The girl of the bride is truly sympathetic and ready to help; such as to make breakfast more early than when breakfast is available.
By car, you can park again quite a bit.
Fronton and the park beside traffic and without fear, as a child, and a good escapade for the adults.
We spent only one night, but the staff was very good, clean room and small refrigerator, 5 minutes walk from the center, closed parking.
Unparalleled service, comfortable and spacious rooms, very close to the metro station.
Everything is fabulous, reception, breakfast ... really recommended! Thank you .
Careful decoration and very pleasant.
Nice place too.
Great rooms and plenty of light.
Very nice, pleasant, lovely breakfast and a clean and comfortable room
It is served at the bottom restaurant.
Repeatable and highly recommended!
The apartment is a hallmark and has a terrace, from which there are beautiful views of Rome
We would like to know that we have never spent the weekend that we will never forget.
The neighborhood is very nice, with small shops (clothing, jewelry, artwork ...).
