Repeat!
The house is very well restored.
So it is ideal for walking on any part of the city.
A great place to go for peace, the locals are also very friendly, ah! and the world of breakfast!
Have a great weekend in the land.
The owners are very nice and beautiful setting.
We caught a huge surprise when we attended.
Everything very well
Anyone recommend it closed.
Very good
Strongly recommended
The attention of the staff, great.
Location perfectly
Make a difference, yes, sorrow!
Very bright
The owner treated us with great care and called for any problem and was approaching.
We kindly recommend this rental.
The accommodation is generally highly recommended.
Very nice reception girl.
They, Alicia, Luismi, Noe and Ada are very nice, a place that is very nice and an unforgettable atmosphere.
This is a great weekend getaway and a few miles!
Excellent everything !! Aupa Zelaikoetxe !! , au Orio !!
The perfect location; The house was totally comfortable, we had four friends and a dog and we were perfectly; It was very tidy and the internet connections worked perfectly!
Thank you Caroline!
We dine at the restaurant and very much at ease.
We have spent a very nice weekend with my partner and I.
A magnificent explosion of nature in the territory of the greenhouses.
Excellent room, very nice owner, everything very clean and breakfast crystalline.
MUNDIAL !!!!!
Excellent quality / price.
The apartment is very nice.
It is a highly-recommended ecosystem.
Thousand sker
We're very pleased!
The house is very special.
Very well !
We spent a wonderful day on our wedding day.
We were very pleased with this house.
It's been a great time in Yolanda and Mikel's home.
Irune is really nice and the breakfasts that you prepare are great.
We've been very pleased at this country.
It's a terrific area, it's very nice and nice, and it's also good for kids.
The attitude of the restaurant staff is very pleasant.
MILLA ESKER NEKANE.
Sandrine even though Normandy speaks perfectly in Basque !!!!
We were very pleased at home, it was a great place for a large group of people.
wonderful ! really discouraged! We have had an excellent weekend.
Everything was very delicious.
The welcome we were offering from the first minute was so beautiful ... Constantly turning on the troughs to not pass on the heat (ja, ja, ja), mojitos or juices, a, and what was the lobster! ummmmmmmm!
Very sympathetic
Top-of-the-box grandmother.
It is a pointed point that is very easy to get there.
Everything very well
Everything is perfect.
We are sure to come back.
It's a wonderful place for the elderly, and the people are really lovable.
We are a family of five, and in terms of quality and price, we see a very good option.
We're a family of five, and in May we passed a beautiful weekend.
Being a kitchen is very interesting.
It is a wonderful place, an excellent room and a great deal that Irun gave us.
The apartment is perfectly located on the 2nd floor and lifts.
Arriving at it, Sanson and Pirata were welcomed, and since then everything was wonderful.
Much more interesting than a theme park for children.
The weight is located in a charming square.
The location is very nice if you want to be immersed in nature.
I think it's a very good place to go for kids.
The house is in a prime location to discover the Luberon area.
Undoubtedly, the hotel to come back!
When he made a hike, he recommended it to Polaca.
We found José, necessarily, when we arrived at Bocas del Toro, which allowed us to stay at the best hotel in the archipelago.
The house is very nice, it is perfectly equipped and very convenient for children.
If you have a chance, June !!!
Monique was very welcoming.
U: blue-collar
Perfect
Thank you for all !!!
Tim is a very good host.
Finally, we must say that we felt very comfortable and that the people were very friendly.
Quality !!!!
Very professional
The good man, the town and the wonderful surroundings.
Next, we'll be back! imanol - alaine
It seemed more beautiful than any hotel.
7 days passed in your home have not been forgotten for us.
The owner, Victor, very nice, explained to us where we could meet.
Go to the beach to go for a walk and also to take the bus.
Facilities and cleanliness.
We liked the house so much.
The perfect place to rent bikes and enjoy beautiful walks, from the surrounding forests, to the beaches, to the natural landscape and the landscape.
And the home owner Maika is very handsome.
Wonderful room
An excellent place and great food.
Fully recommended for adults and children.
Fully recommended.
They rent the whole house, and there is a wonderful group of full gangs to enjoy with the children.
The kids were also very pleased.
Everything is very clean.
For all MILESK, Josu and Bego!
Repeat enthusiastically!
We thought it was a very nice place, the unique house and Josu and Bego, as well as their daughters, also perfectly took care of us.
Otherwise everything is perfectly!
Really nice place and great attraction.
The location is perfect.
The staff was very friendly.
Everything was very clear.
Great place!
Giovanni was very welcome to offer home-made wine and delicious local produce.
From there, we will definitely stay home.
Thank you very much !
Thanks to all the thousand thousand thanks to Idoia, Aritz and Pascuala, it was a pleasure for me to meet you and spend a week with you!
The magnificent Marisma room, the world of breakfast, and your perfect liking.
Thank you !!
We spent a week in this weight and we were very pleased.
We rented all the house and we were very pleased.
A wonderful and very welcoming couple from the beginning.
Wonderful couple
A highly recommended one.
Puy and Joxe Mari have been very vigilant all the time.
By car, a very comfortable parking lot in the basement.
The owner of the hotel said, although we arrived later than expected, it was a good position on its part.
The staff helped us a lot.
The hotel is very tidy, and breakfast is also very good.
Pillow and garden are very good and have a great place to stroll and spend a few days off.
We had a wonderful past, and our Martin, who has been four years old, wants to be salty.
The best option is to make a bike.
We were a few months ago and we were very honest in Ozekan.
Staff were very good
With so large a group, the owner of the house put more beds on us and everything was perfectly.
The experience they lived in was much better than expected, in fact, they were much better than me at home.
A great opportunity to spend a beautiful weekend in a beautiful Bizkaia farmhouse.
Cleaning clothes is very cheap
Very nice place and great attention too!
Very, highly recommended.
The house is perfectly located.
We spent 2 beautiful days of April feast day.
E: beautiful.
We should point out that the area is wonderful, it is a beautiful place to enjoy nature and beautiful walks.
The house is fully equipped.
Generally recommended.
After the weekend, we're very happy.
An excellent job beforehand, Jabier, Nerea, ladies and the work of all the servers during the day is very good.
It's really recommended.
Very close to the center of Porto, this house is very nice.
We were very pleased with 11 people.
A: unforgettable
Overall, everything has been good. great opportunity to discover the nature and surroundings. quality and price fully balanced
They make a great treat for all visitors in a common table.
The pool is very well.
We will try to repeat it!
A great kiss from bizkaialdetik ¡¡¡
A good weekend (or more) with friends!
Guikuri, we have to live and feel ...
The hotel is wonderful.
We went very well, Txaro and Tomas were very well served with us, a very good breakfast and very good facilities.
The location is very good and the staff is very friendly.
The hotel is very close to the center but, at the same time, it is very quiet.
At the end of the day it will be a pretty site.
We were very pleased.
We were very pleased, we went 7 people, but we went into eight.
A great hotel to disconnect and rest.
SINCE, WITHOUT AN INQUIRY, HAS BEEN RECEIVED.
Great spot !!!
Everything new.
We wanted Portofino to get together, but we did not find anything else around and that's why we ended up there and it was a great fortune.
Also morning breakfast is very good.
On the contrary, it was very convenient for us the next day to go to the Barajas Airport.
Completely discouraged!
The days we spent in your home have been wonderful and in every way.
The apartments are very well equipped, they are very nice.
The views are beautiful, since there is a lake.
Graziella's house is magnificent.
Thank you !
Restaurant very nice.
Absolute treatment
Great place, and GOSARIA !!!!!!
Undoubtedly, a place to repeat!
Yes Mary herself, which house was very tidy.
Mila Eskar !!
A stunning place to spend lovely walks with small children, such as Murua, Unza, Gorbea, for example.
The perfect place to go to Plivitc.
We have been very pleased with Margotenean.
Quality price EXCITING.
For this case the hotel is perfectly located.
A great weekend in Zelaikoetxe!
In general, a very well-deserved shelter!
Great location and beautiful atmosphere.
Highly recommended, really.
Because we really deserve this.
The hostel is really good, new, clean, very welcoming.
Excellent and exquisite home.
I: spectacular.
Everything was really great.
The man in the entrance prepared a great deal of attention.
The native woman was also very handsome!
Thanks for yesterday's experience!
We spent one night in the family in Ontxen, horrible !!
It is very well located to visit the mills, to visit the tables of Daimiel, ...
What a week had passed in your house!
Very well located.
Gisela, the housekeeper, is very nice.
Recommended 100%!
And apart from that we were very pleased.
Samira and her family have taken us very well.
Everything is very close: medications, pedestrian streets full of shops, supermarket, bars, restaurants, & amp; quot; The pier & amp; quot; a shopping mall, a bus stops to the old town, a small Sunday market, or a trail, a cruise ship, quot; The quarries & amp; quot; The beach and its promenade ...
The city is beautiful and the hotel is in the middle.
It's been a great place to spend a weekend relaxing in peace.
Showers are very good and very good service.
A prime environment to carry out different plans.
Wifia perfectly.
The outdoor pool and the green area are very pleasant.
Finally, the owner Josu very handsome.
It is very comfortable.
The 7th of November in the Azaroko bridge, 7 children and wonderful days have passed.
The perfect place for a magical climate ...
It is also one of the best places to relax
The owners are very friendly.
At night with him and with others in the hostel we went to a local bar in the farran, it was a great getaway.
Once again, if we make such an exit, we will return to the same place!
Alla corte rossa, highly recommended and a family-friendly hotel.
It is definitely recommended!
We went with our three daughters and the weight for five people is very good.
Very discouraged
Ana very handsome!
Excellent breakfast
Breakfast and dinner very delicious.
Agustin prepared for them activities, but they also let me take part in the workshop and have fun! .
Everything very well
The house is very well.
We knew that the Aiara region was beautiful and we wanted to move a bit, but we must confess that we were not moving from home: we had four couples and three little children, we rented the whole house, and we only had time to enjoy the house itself, to enjoy the past fields and paths altogether.
The apartment is in a great location, very close to Uniri Plaza and the Old Town.
People who work here are also very Mayan and help you solve any problem!
The owner, a young boy, very handsome.
Reception wonderful
This room is much better than what appears in the advertisement.
Bean breakfasts were wonderful.
Thank you very much !!
The room was very tidy and very polite.
The environment is beautiful, surrounded by lava and craters.
Therefore, it is a place where it is worth a visit.
The place is really wonderful, the house is very nice and with many tastes.
We spent a beautiful weekend with this group on this farm, it is a very nice place, the farm is perfectly located and it is Ainara maju maju.
Get excited, it's worth it!
The house is very well prepared.
The new hotel is new.
The cheesecakes are delicious, in a few cider trays, to finish the recipe.
Beautiful rooms
Great weekend!
We're really excited to come back!
We were very well.
We met 6 people for 3 days to work and we were more than happy !!
The location of weight in Paris is very good.
Ta homeless people.
The place was very quiet (just in mind that we went to the last weekend in September).
Breakfast was good both for food and also with all the details.
If we return to Holland, we will definitely take shelter again.
Near the Old Town.
Fully recommended
The apartment is very nice.
Very comfortable, great
We enjoyed the weekend.
It is a home that could be the perfect value for the price.
The area is really worth it.
We have just arrived home from Zelaikoetxea after having spent a great weekend.
Really beautiful house!
And very well located in the center itself.
Almost everything: Very welcoming.
Breakfast and the reception of Jaionea (yes, housewife is Basque)
The castle is amazing and the town is very beautiful.
