Quality of good food but little variety of starters.
The free buffet for breakfast, a little poor, but well served.
Getting half board is ideal, especially for dinner (away from Pals).
VERY basic Try correct, Install: good features.
The breakfast buffet has everything but it is basic, it is 3 stars, it should be improved.
The room is far from the reception because it is at a point, so you have to cross the whole hotel, but it is bearable.
Parking horror, as it works with a vehicle hoist and goes broke, the hotel would have to inform more about how it is parking.
Having to pay for a breakfast 11? charisma in the restaurant dish rodo todo bonisim I 10 ?? Two people have breakfast at the reception desk The comfortable bed
Breakfast included basic but sufficient.
Wifi of complicated access Excellent cleaning, impeccable facilities.
I have no complaints, the only thing is that you have to go with a vehicle to be able to do excursions, because walking is far away. It is located in a very calm and very nice environment, at a strategic point to reach everywhere and To be able to visit the area well and without annoying tourism.
Lack of free parking in the area and small toilet Proximity to the center, garden and swimming pool, good breakfast
In the room there was no freezer The room was on the renovated floor Double bed It was clean The shower, a pass!
The breakfast, although correct, is expensive We have been very pleased with the hotel.
Very good breakfast for the poor quality, furniture and closures of the very old rooms, car noise. Very friendly staff, very close to the center, fantastic solarium, free parking, elevator, very clean.
At the reception there is a lot of staff but not all are competent. The swimming pool is very large and with good facilities, well-equipped mobile homes, fairly scheduled activities, quiet and silent at night, the surroundings is very well taken care of.
A thundered hair It is in the heart of Tarragona and it is clean.
And it's a shame because otherwise he's very well.
The theme of the meals, which if you book in advance, that if you can go to the restaurant above, here, many restaurants but expensive and more with children, it was Friday evening, we were at 0 degrees and we had to go out to dinner outside.
The parking lot is very small, often difficult to place, but they always lend themselves to parking the car (they already have it by hand).
The room was new, with little furniture but everything new.
Rooms: 10 for designers: it's amazing to see how with just a few square meters and everything in it: it can be both an inconvenience.
Very poorly insulated windows. - very badly soundproof room, the room next door was very much heard - the photo does not correspond to the reality, at least with respect to the room that they gave us - take a shower in the shower room because the one in the room, room is of poor quality - the heating did not work Near the tram Parking at the same hotel at a reasonable price
Breakfast sufficient, affordable price, but I missed espresso and natural orange juice ...
I did not like too much breakfast and the theme of the parking lot because accessing the car is very complicated and we could not access it. the staff very friendly and the room was very large and with good views to the center.
- Low pressure - amount of water in the bathroom. - Modest breakfast. - Quiet and comfortable hotel. - Very central. - Large rooms - Very friendly staff. - They provide parking service during the day of departure.
Pool not too large but very good maintenance.
Its location is perfect, in front of the beach, the pity of the obligatory parking lot in the area.
Bad coverage for the phone, impossible to call, but otherwise great so that nobody breaks the break. Amazing, lonely place to completely disconnect everything, here problems disappear
The fact that there is no air conditioned; It was so hot in the room that you scrubbed The room is correct and the location of the good hotel
Small but very well oriented.
- It is much better to improve the check-in and check-out system - the impossible immediacy of the solutions given that the staff is not in Pals if not a few kilometers (Palamós) - more explanations, and clearer , from the smearing of cashier check-in - rustic-modern combination - space and comfort - austere but complete
Simply the TV antenna did not work very well. The hotel is very well located, close to the sea from the center ... this is very comfortable, the excellent cleaning service and. . Personally, the most important is the treatment employees have with clients, and it is excellent
Improved mattress mattress Situation, cleanliness, friendliness of the cafeteria girl Sunday at mornings
- Small but sufficient rooms for a weekend. - On the side of the only 2 discos in Cadaqués, however much the rooms are quite soundproof, there is still noise.
Moisture wall Good good soap mattresses and good cleaning shampoo
The sink is small, but sufficient.
Lighting of the bathroom, the light is very poor, especially if you try to make up yourself The situation, The room, the great breakfast.
The double bed was not very comfortable despite being great.
The room is very correct and clean although very small.
There is everything but with little amount.
Toto very correct, without having to throw rockets.
We were three friends and the room despite being a triple of luxury was not prepared for 3 people.
It is very well connected by metro but I was looking to be in this neighborhood and I found this disappointment.
We have used parking as a convenience because the surroundings are very difficult to park.
L. apartment was very nice, but lacked adequate kitchen utensils; the pots and pans were not for fire d. induction!
Low pressure water shower, infrastructures and little modernesb Location and proximity center.
I accidentally touched a room where there was an unbearable smell in sewers and the shower was full of water due to the poor channeling of wastewater good treatment and good situation
We have missed a games room such as billiards ... The treatment of the excellent staff.
Pringled juices The place and the facilities are beautiful
Therefore, it is better to be with the closed balcony and how the rooms are very small is a little overwhelming The situation in the center of the town, the cleaning, the staff and the decoration, simple but with good taste
Despite being redecorated recently, the room is ugly (they could have been able to strain a little more).
The truth is that we repeated the situation, because the apartment itself was very disappointed, but this year we found everything very correct.
Old furniture with some flaw, the closet door fell and considering that there were small children and a baby was a danger, but they were very friendly and they sorted it out. The pool, the mini club for children and the kindness of the staff
On the outskirts but 5 minutes from the Sabadell Center and a bit more of Terrassa.
It is a bit uncomfortable for you to move from one building to another to go to a breakfast, a pool or to go to the reception ... anyway I have the feeling that the rooms in the pavilion are quieter. Very good attention To the client, breakfast is superior to a 3 star hotel, peace of mind in the pavilion rooms, infusions and tea in the room and fridge.
To say something, the bungallows area is not very spacious because you have to leave the car just in front of the accommodation, but it is correct.
Although there are no parking spaces, Saba parking is close enough (even if it's expensive)
No pretensions but there is not much left and it is very large
There is a paid public car park about 500 meters away.
They have to improve the service of breakfast, and the correct lunch menu is not very varied.
4 adults, 1 marriage, and 2 children between 16 and 18 years old, the marriage (we) erems the room and the big children, in 1 sofa bed, both were totally upset, the usual one was a double bed and the two with two beds, since we paid for room (quadruple). 1 room, correct
The rooms were small but very nice
Something is said to be perhaps the location, since it is outside the center of Cadaques, but on the other hand, it can also be positive, as it saves you noises. They did not mean they indicated a path that you walked down the center with ten minutes. The attention of the hotel staff is very good, the perfect cleaning, the rooms very well decorated and with Terrace all, there is a small pool on the upper roof, enough for a bathroom. For us, what we like most and what they have it is a family treat.
Any drink in the hotel's cafe is expensive, but I guess it must be adjusted to the hotel category.
It is not a negative comment; but I wanted to say that the breakfast is very good, but they could put more variation in sausage. (just put you cheese, they could put sweet or sliced ​​ham); then it would be great! !
L. very beautiful and dirty entry!
Everything was fine, but it is difficult to find parking near the hotel.
Keep in mind that there is a need for an extra pq car away from the city, on the one hand you have a shopping mall
There is a small terrace open day and night accessible to all the clients and very comfortable.
Very modern hotel, small but very cozy.
Wi-Fi is free but it is often cut.
It is located in an area separated from Tgn, but very accessible to the center.
There is a great variety of very basic quality, without any local product to give it a character (no Basque cheese, no typical sweet). The hotel is very well located to go everywhere on foot.
It is an old hotel, 60's, very well renovated, with some personality.
Old and unqualified facilities, little apathetic staff, quality breakfast, but just and reacted. .
The food, not very varied but good
A bit of night noise at the street. Excellent location near the Pilar Square Professional serenity, friendliness and efficiency of the hotel staff.
There were plugs that did not work well and were broken ... everything bad enough What I liked most is the situation, in the middle of the center of Bilbao.
The rooms are small but they are very well equipped and the bed is very comfortable.
Simple room tastefully decorated.
I can not say the same thing about the bathroom, it's nice but it would be necessary to reform.
The Wi-Fi connection did not work. Peaceful and pleasant place, good breakfast and very practical.
maybe it would make a change of curtains ... for the rest it is very good!
The bed was not very comfortable, the pillow was very small and in the closet there was no more The situation, well in the center and the breakfast quite complete and good
I arrived at 11:30 p.m., they did not have the room (normal) but the bar / cafeteria was closed, I do not find it very normal. the slogan was open and I did not give any confidence I left the suitcase in the hotel I went to work without being able to checkin and with the suitcase. very comfortable room
The rooms need renovations to modernize them, since they are spacious and they are fine but they look old. central location Breakfast very well, with natural orange juice, salmon, good salty ham ... quality!
The sofa very uncomfortable impossible to sleep Very spacious and well equipped
Heat mass in the room Everything and a very pleasant environment
Basic but complete breakfast.
Very clean, small but correct room, air conditioning, comfort.
Well located, although not very centric, maybe that in Cadaqués is better.
The dining service at noon was fine enough, short but sufficient.
Being very central could have been a nightmare during the night, perhaps from the city council they should have it more controlled. The situation is unbeatable.
The SPA area is not very large but it was always empty and it could be used at 100%.
Small space ... The pool, lots of tranquility, excellent restaurant! !
We will not return, the place is very bonsic but do not treat you well.
They have a small pool where we were very quiet because we were alone.
Very correct, modest, but very clean installations.
The hotel is perfect and the situation also, the picina a bit small.
A quiet hotel, a little apart but well connected.
I repeatedly asked the receptionist if he could have a quieter room at the back of the hotel (taking advantage of the fact that he told me that the occupation was 50%) and the answer was going to be strong: NO reason for the I avoided dinner at the hotel and did not spend any more apparently friendly receptionist but none at all easy access easily coming from the freeway and parking facility.
Cleaning in the rooms could improve fun for the little ones with football, basketball, pool and activities. The facilities, the swimming pools are spectacular for children, the buffet is very varied and of good quality, very spacious, apart from the bustle of Lloret.
The hotels usually have a bathtub, the romareda shower is very nice, but the water went out everywhere, but it was very good. The rooms were very nice and very new, with respect to the very good price, and the hotel to go to the Miguel Breath hospital was right in front of him and the hotel behind the ROMAREDA stadium, ideal
However, the furniture was minimal (there were no tables at night in all beds, no litter ...) and it did not have much decoration. - We had a sofa in the room and it was very angry, it seemed not very clean. - The Wi-Fi was not working at all. - Because the room was large, the air conditioning was a bit cool. - There is a luggage briefcase, but the door is open and there is not much control. - In general, we had the feeling of being in a 3 star - They had a very wide room. - The breakfast was abundant and varied. - The location is very central, you are 10 minutes from the beach walking and away from the disco areas - The atmosphere was familiar - The beds were comfortable enough - The pool area and jacuzzi are nice
l breakfast space. . it's small . Even though Mrs. K takes it, I'm very attentive, I find that there is too much work for one person. customers have d. Expect enough the place where it is located. . It's fantastic in the center of everything.
The facilities are outdated and are away from the center The relation quality price with l. Offer of 70 euros per night with breakfast is very good.
