Cleaning is not enough. Very noisy.
At 10 o'clock, there were not many things left for breakfast, which they did not rest.
Noisy room in the courtyard.
I missed a seat in the room and a hair dryer.
One of the two days we stayed took more than half an hour to give us the room, although we had called in the morning to ask for it Breakfast
Lack of adequate kitchen utensils.
Room too functional and uncooperative, two separate beds and folded bunk beds.
You also have to keep in mind that to go to the pool, you have to leave the street.
SPA at incorrect temperature (cold) Hammocks room with traces to the weave.
A bit ugly
Bar closed and drinks not working.
The room lacked a layer of paint and the shower had parts that were not too clean.
It is in a polygon on the outskirts and the path to the center is very inhospitable to do it on foot. the treatment of the staff
The noise of cars, or we slept with an open window or had a heat.
The water in the shower could be better if you reach more degrees of temperature.
You can not breakfast peacefully at 11 o'clock as later you have to deliver the keys.
They should not call and enter the moment.
It is necessary to have tablets light, you can not have only focus on the ceiling.
The price, relative to what they offer, is fired.
That one is a little moved away from the center and the buses take in passing through the zone.
Activities are lacking for teens The environment, facilities and staff.
The TV is not tuned correctly Virtually everything, especially with the special price
Frankly, to put a paste on it, I would say that the closets in the room are small.
The wifi did not work and it was not sound-proofed, the other rooms were felt The place, the room, the bathroom and the staff.
That the price of the breakfast is not included in the room.
The second day we found the parking space occupied.
The check out is at 10:00 a.m. In the morning, it's too fair, at 12:00. It would be a reasonable time considering that most travel with children.
We complained and although we were offered the possibility of joining the beds it was not our idea.
I did not like the food they do, it's all industrial and not good (with the exception of some dishes, but the minority).
What I did not like was that there was only one window-balcony, and that it had a light patio where nothing could be seen.
Bed mattresses are too soft for our taste.
The light beams were made.
I did not find free parkin
The bar-terrace begins to put music with a fairly high volume before 8:00 p.m. and ends after 23:30.
They do not have a headset connection on the TV.
The handle of the shower could be improved, since it does not finish well.
Aside the food was regular.
Little illumination in the rooms.
It lacks a lot of soundproofing ... we hear everything from the neighboring rooms and we were on the first floor and felt the whole of the streets.
That the parking space does not enter the price of the accommodation.
With 5 people a single washbasin is a bit fair.
To say something, they do not sell bottles of liter water, and you have to go to a machine, and with that heat, it took more than one.
the noise due to the coincidence in the lodging of a very numerous group of children and adolescents that prevented us from resting all night.
They had the parking lot and in the area it is difficult to park.
It was very cold, the sink was dirty and smelly, the TV did not work well, they closed you for parking ... I will not go back
Lack of sweetness
What we liked least has been the bed, probably the mattress needs to be renewed.
There was no chair in the room (yes on the terrace) The situation and had parking.
These do not work if you are not in the room since they require the card to be operated.
The beds are small, single and the mattresses a little worn.
He did not give a good spine.
They should improve a bit the quality of the breakfast and the fact of having to pay wifi if you want it in the room does not seem right.
I think that a 4 star hotel should look at this.
Maybe the stairs, there is no lift to go up in the rooms.
The reception, the real estate agent was closed and nobody warned us.
The bathroom faucet was not going too well.
The room that has no views to the sea or the pool has direct views of the parking lot.
Not tv
I did not like that some printouts are in four languages ​​and none of them are Catalan that is the language of our country.
It's not a 4 star, but a 2 high or a very fair 3.
There was a lack of comfort temperature in the sink.
Excessively hard beds, and pillows too.
The price: due to hotel change few days before the trip, the price we paid has been almost twice the amount of time it is reserving a few weeks in advance.
The All-Inclusive is too poor, especially for children.
To put one but ... the location with respect to the center of Donostia The comfort of the hotel and its value for money
For the category and facilities, there would be an SPA missing.
They talk a little expensive, but for what it is, you have to pay to park the whole city.
Rooms without dryer, small and very fair bathroom.
They did not control the arrivals, they wrote to him that a guest arrived later and when it arrived it did not know him to locate and they said to him that it did not have room.
Access to the surrounding paths is complicated.
If you have a light sleep, it is quite annoying.
Many TV channels were poorly tuned.
Slowness at serving dinner.
A pel away from the center of Puigcerdà.
The hotel dinning room had a problem with the situation 'flies and the hotel in general
Aside from one of the receptionists it was a little unpleasant.
The grid of TV channels was short.
To be a 5 star, the Spa is nonexistent.
The only small 'but' that I find is that cleaning staff are blackberries with their scarves, which causes them to lose some modernity.
Small bathroom with sink outside.
The fact that there is no one who can take care of the hotel from 7 pm to the next day can have its drawbacks if you need something, you have an emergency or for your own safety.
A bit of difficulty finding the hotel.
It deals with disdain from the receptionist
The restoration is multitudinous or nonexistent at other times.
The cushion for me, too thick.
Check-in schedules (starting at 3pm) and check-out (at 10am) are strict because everything is automated.
The jacuzzi is very small, at most 4 to be quiet and finally the gym is laughter, only there is an elliptical, a treadmill and a static bike.
One thing a little ... bad is access because you can enter through two streets and ... it could be a bit clearer and above all ... suitable for pedestrians.
After midnight you can not go up with the vehicle.
The hotel is very old, with a very decadent reception area, with no facilities, such as a gym, leisure areas, no playground facilities, and correct rooms.
Baths lack an urgent remodeling.
The individual room faces the street and it feels the people that happen and the other clients when they go out go out.
They could make a discount for clients at sun loungers on the beach.
Wc litter had not been emptied (it contained a condom from the previous client).
The towels and clean sheets oil a little bit of vinegar.
The restaurant - bar I think is not enough for a hotel like this.
The sofa bed for two places was quite uncomfortable, it has a barbed wire that gives you keys.
I needed a lampshade to read a book.
We had a problem in the room because the window did not close at all well and, of course, it was cold! and it could not be resolved (we put some towels in the window to stop the cold air intake).
The sheets were dirty.
In addition, they oblige to leave the rooms at 10, when normal is at 12.
Missing maintenance.
He slept one for the soft one, and one for the small one.
The stage is small with two super-collages on the sides that limit the vision.
The group of entertainers at night: unprofessional and unpleasant.
The study tub, better a shower tray.
That there was not a bar.
Bed a little small, 1.35 cm for a double bed in a hotel ... it is small.
Perhaps the situation, a little apart from Puigcerdà.
The corridors are very old and the carpet of the ground makes 'odor'.
They hear the conversations and noises of the entrance, at least on the ground floor of the new building.
They are not very accessible when you are going with young children and did not bring anything to the notice
Q clean the room next door at 9 o'clock The pool a bit dirty
Wi-Fi was not available in the room.
There is no elevator.
The kitchen utensils were dirty and in the trash there was still the garbage of the last tenants.
Access by car not very easy at the reception.
The hotel is under renovation and only has an elevator that also uses hotel staff.
The establishment does not have any common room where you can rest, other than in the open air.
Power the low soundproofing of the rooms.
Many flies even without almost opening windows.
The two days I went down the pool I had to leave because of noise nuisance.
I found paths to Regencós and Pals, but signboards would be fine from the campsite.
The absence of glass, and of another alternative.
Smoking rooms are advertised and then a room can be smoked
They make you pay the day of arrival at the hotel.
The room is too small.
Wi-Fi does not work in the rooms, only in the main building.
Air-conditioned room with noise.
We found the city relatively dirty.
The wifi did not reach a room with the door closed.
There is no telephone in the room.
Air conditioning did not work correctly.
That we always touch inner rooms, who stays outside? ? Preferential customers General silence.
There is no pool, the rooms are a bit small.
The impossibility of siesta at 4 in the afternoon, cleaning women shout from one apartment to another and feel everything.
I found two executives for the hotel, I greeted them and they said nothing, I know they were managers for the hotel's folders and because when I was doing the checkout with an immense tail they went in for a reception without saying anything, , excellent and very friendly staff, especially the guy from the towels in the pool, as we saw some fashion bloggers who were at the hotel, all day fisting photos and love and down, then we discovered by instagram that They have been to the hotel for free in order to make a promotion,,,, but if you were a manager of the hotel it would not do it, however, the efforts made by someone to be in a hotel of the best features, 4 girls hanging on ridiculous photos and which above are free of charge to the hotel, I do not like either that in a hotel of these characteristics there is no cook in the mati making eggs and omelettes, it is all that is needed ... hotel, facilities, swimming pools, base staff ...
I think smoking should not be permitted in the entire premises.
Pets are accepted as they do not like animals I have gone with some hotel that the dog in the room next door did not stop the thief.
Cold and wifi Jacuzzi did not work properly. We took a hotel with a jacuzzi and we could not use it.
We were cold; There are few radiators.
Wifi justet
Lots of shouts for the street, maybe a bit of police control at night. . they would let people sleep.
That in the middle of the summer it is the Nordic inn Price quality
The quality of the breakfast croissants is very poor, they were like a compact dough, I think they were not cooked enough.
We were far from any walk area, so you depended on the car in an exaggerated way.
The price a little expensive.
The continuous noise of a motor bothered at the time of sleep.
It was a bit uncomfortable.
The shower is not ok, I did not know how to get hot water, luckily it was hot.
A little noisy because we were on the 5th floor where there is the terrace and the window was in a busy street.
The heating of the rooms is too high.
The bed a little uncomfortable
The cold is included in the price.
The booking information showed that there was a spa and instead they told us that it was not yet done.
Cold at night.
The staff will not solve you if there is any problem.
Poor conditioned air.
It was very hot and there was no air conditioning.
There was no free breakfast.
It does not include breakfast in the price and if you pay apart is 1250 euros (excessive price for what you have done to make your eggs over), the room did not have a balcony (despite having made the request to have balcony months before) and being a beach place, it seemed uncomfortable not having a space where you could dry your towels and swimsuits.
The beds in the bungalows were d, foam, something uncomfortable for the truth.
We stayed for two nights and could stand it, but if you go for a week it should be pretty heavy.
I think you need to attend to details that make your stay more comfortable.
The mattress was a bit uncomfortable.
The first night we were cold because the heating did not work.
There is not too much phone connection, but they tell the beginning and there you go to relax.
Situation regarding the unbeatable beach.
One of the rooms that they gave us on a superior floor, accessed through the middle of a conference room, old beds and furniture and a stench odor.
Breakfast can be improved for the price it has, the pastries are industrial, little diversity of hot products, beicon and scrambled eggs.
We were not lucky.
The fact of charging for Wi-Fi, the price of the TV, that there may be some concrete reason to do it, and the time of departure for me too soon.
Everything can be improved. Tranquility!
The hotel despite being called Le Marais is not well located in Le Marais.
Check in is too late.
The fact of having a kitchen with a small plate of induction ... Small space and reduced to cook.
It would improve the catering offer of breakfast that was perhaps a bit poor.
They do not have a parking lot, but if necessary, they will come and find you with a small electric car anywhere in the village, or in the parking lot.
The food was taking advantage of one meal to another and did not have a good presentation.
It does not look like a 4 star hotel, good value for money.
Extra beds half broken (we put the mattress on the floor).
That the facilities need a remodeling, it looks a little old.
The room could be upgraded, which was a bit small and was facing an inner courtyard.
We went with small children and we found ourselves lacking security (some kind of fencing that did not allow children to move freely to the pool area) and we missed a conventional oven in the room, since we had pizzas to make in The aparthotel I could not do.
Wi-Fi is not available in the rooms.
That many places are closed, but they understand it for the dates that they are and they also have the desire to relocate and adapt the facilities for the summer, are the problems that we find those who have to make the holidays like this, always outside of time
Bad soundproof
The room service letter does not specify gluten free dishes, even if they are explained personally by phone.
The nocturnal animations one by the justes.
Pretty old furniture.
Inner room, giving open-air, feeling all the noises in the bathrooms in the rooms.
Wi-Fi arrives very little in the rooms.
Very simple bathroom
Collection of restaurant entertainment without warning.
In the room next to the terrace you can not rest because of this continued music.
And to put something else, perhaps a little lack of space in the closets of the dressing room.
That the room does not have a small desk.
The sushi bar Ichi has no idea how to make a letter that can adapt to the celiacs.
They have given us separate beds after requesting a double bed, the mattress is small and uncomfortable, the room smells like a lock, and the TV has a smaller screen than a cell phone.
The breakfast is varied.
General loss (carpeting, room material, nevereta, ...).
A small problem in the shower that the maintenance service did not solve in four days, but it did not prevent you from showering, so nothing important.
They are not ready because the deaf people can watch TV.
The SPA, we found it right ... And the price of the minibar in the room ... It is totally out of place.
There was noise from the rooms on the sides and the motorcycles on the street that passed midnight at all times. the rooms and the breakfast
I did not feel good
Wi-Fi only allows you to connect a single device The situation of the hotel, the comfort of the rooms and the treatment of the staff.
There was no good communication between them and the other agents involved.
Lack of room maintenance (do not leave hot water in the shower correctly) - we warned.
The noise of the other apartments or the corridor was too much noise.
It only felt a little noise at night, in the same Hotel, as if it were air conditioning.
More information on complementary services (parking, transfer center of the town, ...) would be necessary.
The junior suites, the space reserved for the 'patio' is completely covered and you have no view.
To get to the hotel you have to climb a busy street, when we arrived at the hotel we were exhausted.
Very cold room, central heating was not yet on, but they gave us blankets and we spent the night pretty well Breakfast and the situation.
He felt a lot of noise outside the room.
Or at least, they should have a smoking room wing and one for non - smokers, as people go out to smoke on the terrace and get all the smell in the room or on the adjoining terrace.
It is not a place to go to rest.
The maintenance of the facilities could be a bit more accurate in the outside of the rooms (balcony-terrace).
It is a very small inn, old and many reforms are needed.
On the 15-08-2014 at 8:15 p.m., breakfast time (they open at 8:00 p.m.), there was a girl from the kitchen who rested food with dirty clothes for days (maybe weeks), Especially the apron, which originally had to be white and was quite tiresome brown.
The hotel does not correspond to a 4 *, and the price does not correspond to what they offer.
Very poorly-equipped rooms: no pencils, no bedside tables, no light on the terrace and bad lighting in general.
Impossible to start sleeping until 24.00 for the noise they were doing.
Relatively far from the center.
We would have liked to have the room at two or three in the afternoon at most, which we could not do often for cleaning purposes.
Access to car parking is complicated at the beginning if the path is unknown.
Not that I did not like it but for the same price I found variety.
It is not recommended and expensive.
The room smelled of tobacco, there were enough damage to the room and the breakfast area.
In full board, lunch or dinner drinks are not included.
Think about it before making a reservation at this hotel because they are not at all understandable.
They cleaned up too soon, we ate breakfast at 10:00 and were already cleaning the rooms.
We did not like breakfast to be a 5 star.
Since the rooms were for 4 people, the complimentary items, soaps and others for the kitchen and the bathroom, were scarce.
The breakfast was until 11, but there was not enough to complete it.
Careless parking and a bit dirty, anyone can enter and occupy your place.
It lacks a restaurant of suitable quality at the level of the hotel.
I did not like breakfast in the hostel and they did not have a hair dryer in the bathroom.
We had the apartment on the 6th floor and the windows could not be opened.
The refrigerator in the room did not cool.
It takes a bit of an upgrade.
I think the price of the parking lot is a little card.
The wi-fi in the room did not work, the facilities are outdated or directly outdated.
In a room, the ceiling was still lacking at night and the blind was broken. There was a blender that did not work.
An inconvenience is that being in a semi-pedestrian zone costs a lot to get with the car to the parking lot The location the staff deal
The beds were quite uncomfortable and the room was narrow.
That the sample photo did not coincide with the assigned apartment.
Little breakfast.
I would have wanted to have a smoking room
There are many stairs.
It is a bit far from the center to go walking.
No curtains
In the bathroom in our room the lighting was very strong, four lights fitted to the ceiling without the possibility of regulating it.
It becomes an old 4 star, pending renovation: the bathroom and the old bath, do not correspond to a 4 stars.
The little variety in restaurant dishes and I guess it was, the degradation of the area where the hotel is located and the problems we had with the safe in the room.
They traveled to Cadaqués I to this hotel to celebrate our 6th wedding anniversary and we had to sleep in separate beds.
That there is no hanging towels in the washbasin The place the tranquility
Bar closed Saturday afternoon / evening.
The rooms in the room were lighted, and the room had little light.
Kitchen and room together is not a good combination.
The first day I was without TV.
It is located in the middle of a nightlife area and makes it impossible to sleep at night until early in the morning.
Bed a little small
I woke up at 4 in the morning to tell me if I would pay the room for a companion.
Not a family hotel.
Wi-Fi does not go too well if it's not in a common area.
We were on the first floor and the soundproofing of the street is not good, as were parties, there was a lot of noise all night.
Is insufficient
The closet is detached from the bed (not very functional).
Divided into two buildings, the rooms in front of the reception and the dining room (mini).
Noise all night Situation
A nonsense, but we went very fairly with toilet paper. :) The situation.
The shower faucet was difficult to handle and the floor was not very clean, it was a bit leaky for a stain like oil.
In the room there was no refrigeration and intake
The land of the passages is full of tacas and with the lime that making breakfast is on the terrace of the hotel. When you have always been in the restaurant and that is why you can not be in the pool until 11:00 am that the lunch break ends and it is full of sellers and tables at night, it is also a Copas bar.
The staff in the restaurant's restaurant area a bit stressed.
The rooms do not have a mini-fridge.
When booking by Booking, it confuses the subject of a double room - individual use - The reception could be much friendlier, for the price you pay.
In addition, the ATM does not support credit cards.
Often the dining room was quite full, with tables too close and tails were made.
The walls and doors badly sound.
We would have liked a lower floor.
There is no free Wi-Fi.
The facilities are very fair, the Spa area of ​​payment and with restricted access.
Breakfast with few tables, you had to wait if you arrive later than 9:00 a.m.
