Be careful
Breakfast was lousy.
We had a lot of heat in the room, although we had two fans.
Very deficient lifts.
Very poor wifi signal.
It does not make sense to pay for this spa.
Much more expensive than consumptions on an airplane, which is to say ... If more moderate prices were put (even if they were more expensive or more expensive, even if in a bar) surely much more would be consumed.
They had not changed
As it is located in a narrow street if you work the balcony (apart from the noise that must have been in summer) you do not have any privacy and the view is of course not very suggestive.
Worst of all the kitchen and the price of the dinner menu.
Toiletries are very basic.
The restaurant service is very much improved, both the pool and the hotel.
Kitchen utensils were very limited.
Doors in very bad state.
In breakfast, the bread toaster in the dining room is totally inadequate, due to its low capacity and great slowness.
The scale of the building I doubt that it complies with any regulations!
Fluffy
The prices and the quality of the products of the bars and cafes, was very expensive and left much to be desired.
The price of buffet breakfast, breakfast is excessive!
One thing is that it is a 5 * hotel and the other you want to steal.
It is unacceptable for me not to leave until 18 and when leaving, you have to do it at 11 ... You just lost almost two days.
For the morning the cleaning woman was a lot of noise and she woke up with bumps on the walls.
The least valued: the kitchen.
The mattress was execivamen dur.
Morning buffet with very little assortment.
It is impossible to be quiet in the hotel pool.
If I stayed in Aiguesis a few days I would have communicated it to the reception. - And for my taste the pillows are mooolt inconveniences, but this is very personal.
The windows do not isolate anything from outside noise.
The breakfast is very scarce, we found moldy bread (we told the waiter and they changed it quickly) The price and that we did not have to enter the city since we were only going to do night
One thing is that the hotel is a luxury but not for that they have to steal.
Abusive price
The prices of the bar were exorbitant, a € 15 burger, a € 6 beer.
The bed is not very comfortable
The wifi in the room is unfortunate.
Rooms are ZERO isolated.
Very thundered
One of the security guards in the door, which was in the mornings, was seriously disrespectful because the license plate reader did not read the one in our car.
The price is excessive for the service and facilities it offers.
The refrigerator is very small and deteriorated.
The price they charge for pet (carlino) is € 20!
