everything was excellent only a small problem with the air of the room that did not cool much had to use the ceiling fan, otherwise everything was excellent, without hesitation I would visit the hotel in addition to recommend it to my friends and family.
It is 10 minutes glories but from the room you can only see buildings, and not the views of Barcelona.
Simple hotel without great intentions but that surprises in spite of its two stars; Friendly and efficient treatment (I had to extend the stay and I was given all kinds of facilities while maintaining the offer of the initial reservation) has no cafeteria but has a great coffee machine for 1 euro and free cold water that with the heat that made those days was very much appreciated
The breakfast place is small but there was no problem.
They are not very large but neither are they too small.
The regular food, the famous restaurant reservations that advertise so much are very difficult, because there is a suffocating occupation and the infraestrutura fell short.
It is an old building and needs a renovation, the rooms quite old although clean.
Also, we must add that there are only a few bathrooms for the entire campsite, which makes them very dirty and over crowded.
The free lunch buffet in the morning is very complete although, there are some foods like fruits that have to be paid for.
In this area (plot 111), the plots are wide but do not have any shade, there is no water intake (neither in the plot nor in the whole area) and the sanitary block only has 1 shower, 2 toilets and 2 toilets and a bathtub for babies.
I liked it a lot, I had been told that it was not the big deal and I think they exaggerated a lot, everything was very nice and clean, the room service was quite good, although maybe the room a little small
The room was spacious and cozy, the bathroom was complete and they offered free minibar (only water and pepsi).
A 10 for the animation team, a 0 for the management of the hotel.
The hotel, although somewhat removed from the center, is very well connected with the tram (in 10 · 15 min you are in the center without problems, and with access to the Mussel area in 10 min.).
The bathroom is large, although ours had a broken shower screen.
The town is a few km away and the hotel provides a "navetta" that brings and brings customers, which is great since it is very easy to access the center.
I am in many hotels for business throughout the week, I do not love it but I do not dislike it either. I do not remember it too much, but that's good, because I usually remember when they're fatal, they treat me badly or I do not rest.
The small supermarket but with good prices.
The Hotel is very well, although it is far from the center, the place is great to rest and the transport system in BCN OK.
It has parking, although somewhat expensive.
The rooms, although small, are comfortable and modern.
We paid 8 euros each and it was buffet, but all great.
The rooms are small (double bed, side table, a closet, mini desk with little space, but the necessary if you only go to the hotel to sleep and dedicate the day to tourism) and private bathroom (also small with shower but very clean, The bathroom had a gel / shampoo dispenser and hand soap tablets that were replenished every day).
I stayed in a tiny studio, of which only have a sofa bed and my surprise was how comfortable it was.
The rooms are not very big, but in Madrid one does not stay long in the room. There is a minibar.
Although my expectations were higher, I was not disappointed at all, the staff very friendly and as for the facilities, they were all in good condition.
We usually stay at Senator Gran Via, but this time we have changed and the experience has been very good, the hotel is super centrally located next to department stores, restaurants, shops, and a variety of theaters. It has as a positive the spa that to stop along the way is fine, although a little small.
the treatment of the staff was acceptable. Even the furniture of the hotel is a bit old, it is not bad in the hotel.
Pretty good, but with nuances.
The buffet breakfast is a bit scarce, but not in quantity but in variety, it lacks many things that I think a hotel of this category should have. The rooms at general levels are fine except that they are a bit small, although that was something that I already knew, but the placement of the television in relation to the bed is not the most correct, I saw 3 rooms and in all they are placed with respect to the small sofa, I think that a system to be able to move it and that from the bed could be seen correctly would be very useful .
The hotel is far from the center but in the end it is irrelevant because outside it passes line 22 that takes you straight to the center.
The best staff, the worst cleaning and breakfast
Although it is years old and may soon need some reform, especially in the bathrooms, Hotel Senator Barcelona is a perfect place to rest after an intense day of work.
The language is a very important barrier ........... but in general we had a great time although it was very difficult to make us understand and understand others .... The hotel has a very good climate and atmosphere. One can feel calm and at ease.
Normal hotel located in a good area
It is in an area of ​​Madrid, which although it seems far from the city center, is only 15 minutes from this and very well connected to the Metro and the bus.
Totally recommended for a weekend trip with a couple or friends, without carrying 23kg bags.
The entrance of the pension is renovated, the rooms are not, which contrasts a lot.
The room was not bad, but the soundproofing is pretty bad.
A simple but ideal hotel to get to know Mekinez
Good hotel, new, although somewhat removed from the center.
It is an old hotel, although renovated.
The atmosphere is very good and cheerful, young people with many activities and facilities despite having already some years, are very well preserved.
Located in Avda. Wide and with limited parking area (blue zone) but that facilitates that the weekend you can park quietly at the door of the hotel.
It has a very complete breakfast and dinner buffet, although it can be expensive if you buy it there.
The complex in general is very good in terms of facilities, garden area, swimming pools and everything included, but the hotel staff is the worst.
Hotel very well located but in need of urgent reform.
The hotel I think has a small pelin rooms the cleanliness is quite good at breakfast I think it is a bit lacking and very expensive for what it is
It also has an indoor pool if you want to take a bath, and in the rooms, although the bathroom is quite old, the bathtub has a jacuzzi.
I would not recommend it for tourists who come to Barcelona for the first time, great for work
Luxury apartments in Seville, the truth is that they are of quality but the price is a little high for the area in which it is located in the city, everything very clean and the staff really attentive and good.
Really the hotel is very well located, the lobby of the hotel does not surprise much but it complements it with the rooms that are spacious, comfortable and clean, it included a free minibar that few hotels offer, breakfast is acceptable
Good but bad details
The very good pool on the roof only closes at 8, in summer a little early.
The town where it is is not nothing of the other world, but it is near Barcelona, ​​which is what interested me, and it is quite cheaper than in the city itself.
Well attended the concierges friendly and well predisposed. It is very old but very well located, one block from the train station, the best: the welcome dinner with typical Italian food, lasagnas and unforgettable tiramisu!
Although there are usually groups in the hotel the soundproofing is perfect and the free mini bar is appreciated.
Despite the busy street Gran Vía, there was no excessive noise inside the room.
Spacious and well soundproofed rooms. the breakfast well stocked, although the place where it is served is little wide.
The pool area is very successful because each of them is intended for use (spa area, games, children, slides and ball) although they are not always respected.
It is very well located but the facilities are outdated, furniture and others need a change, the asshole but they are changing
The bathroom is not bad although the shower is a little claustrophobic.
The breakfast buffet is good although expensive € 16 per person.
The infrastructure is very good, has all the comforts for those traveling with children, the pool is large and very clean, the rooms very complete and comfortable, and the beach we loved, although the sea is choppy, it is wide with lots of sand and the parasols sector very comfortable.
The rooms are a bit small; but if you want to spend a couple of days visiting the city, I think it's a perfect hotel.
Very good hotel near the beach, I recommend it to go as a couple but I have seen children's area so you can leave the children occupied, the rooms are not cheap but it is worth paying.
The price is affordable, the rooms are not a thing of the other world but · gives 1 stone.
Clean and comfortable despite how big it is.
The stay was great, it was in the center, the bed comfortable and although the room was small and had the shower outside the room, the treatment always great, very helpful, breakfast was varied and plentiful, the best of all was the situation to a street of the fontana di trevi and next to plaza de españa, there was also a supermarket nearby ......... I could not ask for more, I loved it and if I went back to roma I sure would go again, I would go back to this Hotel .
The only thing that counts is the situation of the campsite, otherwise I would not recommend it.
Although it was a very pompous hotel, the food was nothing spectacular.
the breakfast is acceptable, there is nothing of maximum quality, but it's fine. in general it is a 7
Excellent human staff, facilities and regular cleaning.
The correct cleaning, good breakfast, with enough quantity but something lacking in quality for a four star. it rests very well although it is in the middle of Gran Via there are no noises.
Hotel located next to the Nou Camp, is not central, but you have a metro station 10 minutes walk and two buses opposite.
Full rooms, better if you look into the interior of the hotel (uglier but much less street noise).
the beautiful hotel, staff very well the manager felicia very good person, the divine barmen all! ! ! ! ! ! ! the restorants i clean all the attention very good, the only thing that I did not like was the cleaner that we played in the villa 13 room 1317 her name is eliane very badly educated and daring! ! ! ! apart we did not clean the room and could not say anything xq has very bad manners! ! I recommend it ! ! !
The room very well with balcony / gazebo to G.Vía. I chose this hotel and not others, deciding to pay a little more for the pool, but it is so small both the pool and the area where it is on the roof that you have to ask for a reservation to be there.
The rooms are correct, although they have several details without finishing correctly, which makes the room quite shabby.
So clean everything, full of carpets ... etc that you could not upload food to the rooms, or anything to drink ... An 8.5 for the rooms.
A small lobby with internet access.
I have spent a weekend with my family in this hotel, and in general the opinion is good, but I think there are some aspects to improve.
Initially I was going to stay in this sector of the Palladium, but they moved me to the sector of the Gran Palladium Bavaro, so my comments are in relation to him, I had the possibility of knowing the rooms of the sector of the Gran Palladium Pta Cana, although they are Nice, I prefer the much larger and new rooms of the Gran Palladium Bavaro, this is an excellent complex, do not trust the bad opinions I read on the trip advisor, I almost gave up on that.
Good hotel somewhat dated in its decoration but very well located near the center.
The breakfast, although complete, was not too varied, and the juice really left a lot to be desired.
The only drawback is that there is no parking, but there are very close to the hotel.
Comment that there is also a small stereo and a relax chair.
The hotel in general is not bad, maybe it needs a bit of renovation and modernity in certain areas, especially in the reception and in the bathrooms of the rooms.
The spacious room, the reception a bit fair, but good value for money.
A little investment in language training would come magnificently to this excellent hotel.
The only "bad" is that it is a little small but like all apartments, yes, it has large TV and air conditioning and electric shutters.
The reception is closed at night, although they have a machine to check in, which gave us problems because they could not find our reservation.
The price is high but the quality is unbeatable.
You have the bus stop right in front of the complex and in about 10 · 15 minutes you get to the center of Pisa (the bus goes a bit back).
Use it when you need to be in that location, but it is not very convenient to visit the city center, the Marriott itself is much better.
We did a night to go see the musical of King Leon and we were very surprised, it hurts not to have stayed another night to enjoy his spa. What disappointed us most was the breakfast buffet, compared to others in this very very loose chain.
The price was somewhat more expensive for being high season, but equally affordable.
Parking fee, although there is parking in the area.
In this hotel it is evident that it is an old renovated palace.
My stay the truth that lasted a little bit, is more I would have liked to stay a few days to enjoy all the rooms of the hotel, but for the little I was I must say that the room a luxury treatment at the reception ... the truth that the day of my arrival the deal was exquisite although I can not say the same thing on the day of my departure, it is known that the girl at the reception had a bad day, although I do not consider it because in general I loved my experience in the hotel .
The staff is very attentive and always willing to help, they deserve a more spacious and bright reception.
Although from the outside and at first glance it looks like a motel because of its shape, the truth is that it is comfortable for business trips.
The truth is that in the hotel that I was nothing more than to relax from my work and relax a bit and in that aspect I am very comfortable I do not recommend it for families, if for couples or if you are only 1 greeting!
In equipment and services is correct but may need a renewal of facilities.
Simple but well located
really the hotel is a real disaster the only good thing are the gardens that are very well taken care of the rest disastrous, cockroaches, plastic cups recycled from one another, the food is bad, and the facilities fall ... really horrible It has been a disappointment.
The only thing that the free buffet did not have was a lot of variety but it was very good too.
It is a cheap pension that can save us if we do not find something better, but it is not what I would say a luxury, far from it.
Value for money formidable, welcome by all employees formidable, the apartment is spacious and cozy has everything you need, large parking areas, no noise, very close to Seville capital, although in Bormujos, charming town you can find everything you want, fax service, essential for me, wifi connection that works great. You can not expect more and at a fantastic price.
quality I think is very good, everything seems new and you feel very good is something distinctive, the price is a bit expensive but your comfort I say it's worth it I had a great time with my node
The hotel is just right for a four star, maybe it needs a reform that puts it in value.
The hotel spa is small, but enough to relax after a day of shopping around the city.
I found a hotel very left and that needs a reform, the situation in which this is very good, but they have not known how to get enough profit, that, or need an urgent reform, because being in the center of Bilbao could get much more profit
We chose it because of its location, although in truth, it was necessary to walk about 15 minutes to the nearest metro station.
In the interior it has a jacuzzi and a sauna that I could also enjoy, the area is small but it did not seem that it was a lot of people so most of the time I was alone.
The bathroom was small and without bide, there were no handkerchiefs, no hygienic bags, they did not empty the bins or clean the room ...
We went up to the room which was very good to later climb to the scourge which is to say that it has spectacular views but the second disappointment came because although it is true that the 2 jacuzzy were the water was a bit turvy not to say dirty and to top none of the two worked the jets with which if it were not for the views could have been the same as in the bathtub in the room. Great staff and a very varied breakfast.
hello the hotel was very dirty when moving a table behind everything, the truth is that it was the dirtiest hotel I have ever stayed in. I understand that the prices are cheap but that they spend more on cleaning is not too much
The room had no view of the sea, but who happens in the room being on a beach and place so beautiful right?
The cleaning in general acceptable, but our biggest disappointment and why we probably will not return was that the last night gave us cold and we took some blankets to wrap us, we opened them and the smell of old urine was emetic, luckily it was the last night if I do not leave the first day.
It is not a cheap hotel, of course, but if money is not an impediment, it is undoubtedly one of the best, if not the best, hotel in the capital.
The clean room, just dimensions for three people.
It has a small fitness room and an outdoor pool.
It has no parking but behind the back there is a public discount of 20% for being a client of the hotel, although it is somewhat expensive "€ 50.40 for one day twenty-three hours and four minutes"
Good hotel for its location but a little old, breakfast can be improved and the room could be better soundproofed, the windows did not close well, although the view to the via was worth it.
The room that we had is spacious and also has a bathroom, but the furniture is outdated and crappy (there was for example a plastic chair as an armchair), the bed uncomfortable.
The Spa is not very big but enough to have a nice time.
It is far from the center, but well connected, very close to the Camp Nou.
In the common areas there is no air conditioning, the corridors are authentic saunas.
It does not serve breakfast, but there are many places nearby where breakfast is very good.
Breakfast is simple, but for the price it is quite good.
It is excellent with very good attention and a great variety of food and drinks, it is very good to spend holidays in BAHIA PRINCIPE, I would not recommend hiring on the beach I have to see how tourists traveled in very small boats with a lot of movement of the sea, for a few dollars I would do with boats more in line, like buying on the beach when you find out it's cheaper in the hotel lobby, they will not regret it.
Hotel somewhat removed from the center good to see the Barsa
I was looking for a hotel in Montmartre and this one met my expectations, the room although small was very cozy, charming, enough to rest from the beatings of walking that you get in Paris. the neighborhood although I suppose that it has lost part of the bohemia of other times is worth it for its cafes, shops of flowers, fruits ...
very good hotel although far from the center, very comfortable room clean and with a nice bathroom, the staff attentive although they did not speak spanish, they gave me good advice for the stay.
The rooms are not big but they are very clean.
The area is too quiet, we did not find leisure places nearby. we must highlight its proximity to the Camp Nou, which you can walk, which makes it ideal for travel related to football.
is located in a great way, near Plaza de España. Rooms a little small in size and just. has paid spa. buffet desyuno with wide variety. is located very centrally good quality relation · price
The buffet rich, but not very varied, should have more varieties for a hotel in that category.
It is a very homely hotel in all matters of treatment and food, very attentive and friendly staff, is located on the beachfront and the rooms have beautiful views and almost in the center of Peñiscola therefore it is not necessary a vehicle, I would recommend it to couples without children since the rooms are not very big in general the price regarding the quality and the service seems to me to be very acceptable and recommendable, the only fault I can emphasize is that the hotel in General needs a face wash and a little maintenance (some crack in the walls, lack of paint on railings, pretty old furniture)
The rooms are normal, we had bad luck because we had a room that looked onto a stage where there were performances until 3 o'clock in the morning, so we had to sleep with earplugs.
The curtain was also broken, although it was fixed.
the first surprise was nothing else to arrive because our idea was to enter the spa to relax on Sunday morning and the disappointment was that something closed that I think should be notified when making the reservation that will be closed, but we were told that on the roof They had jacuzzy and we could go up.
The location is correct for those who like the noise of the city, but it has several cabarets nearby that make it late night, the surroundings are not the best.
